hello my name is william sanchez
work team lose the belly
puntocom in this video I want to share
with you lose weight and lose your chin
without surgery one of the objectives of
women and also of men is to maintain
the face in excellent condition by the
as many years as possible
we are aware that the most striking
in our person is the reason why
which we put a lot of effort into
take care of our skin influence
remarkably in the confidence in us
they have to work every day
in lowering chin considering in some
cases the possibility of surgery
plastic however before deciding
by this method get information
about an efficient resource and less
invasive you will find simple ways that
allow you to control this problem in
diets to lower jowls said of another
way slimming the face a good method
is with facial exercises dedicating
greater attention to the areas that you consider
correct only requires a few minutes
daily to achieve its purpose to the
practice facial exercises you
strengthen
muscles and helped with their diets to
lose weight you need to learn to
Treat your skin the right way
use the fingertips in
bottom- up movements do not
contribute with the natural gravity is
say stretching the skin down
nor does it exert too much force
perform them usually men
they treat the face with some awkwardness
think that the skin is not replaced and is
it is necessary to take care of it applying movements
soft to keep the skin smooth and
firm we have the food for
losing weight is a great help to
vegetable proteins such as kidney beans
soy proteins help reaffirm
the muscles of the face those that at
lose weight lose the necessary firmness
we must not forget to count on the great
water help no doubt you already know
that it is necessary to drink water there is the
belief that if we have the face
swollen is because we retain fluid
nothing is further from the truth
is that if you do not take the required amount
of water your system will reserve what
I receive for times of crisis
do not forget that it is essential to take
At least 2 liters or more per day
that will contribute to a decrease in
appetite and consequently in losing weight
a resource that is the privilege of
women is to make a makeup
that appears a thinner face what
same can get with a haircut
or a hairstyle any part of your
body that is not in harmony requires
to be corrected from the diet
essential to lose weight there are
many in the market but you are at
charge of your well-being so you must
select one that combines exercises
with natural supplements with the
vegetable proteins because they are more
effective and safe if the information
I just shared with you, you liked it
and you consider that it helps you in the process
to lose weight I'll ask you three
things first visit my website
lose the dotcom belly and claim a
special gift that I have prepared for you
second click is to subscribe to my
youtube channel so that every time
post a new video can alert you
to study it if you apply it
third below this video click on
I like it
and then place a comment on the
information that I just revealed to you
Even if you have any questions or questions
put it there and I assure you that the
I will answer as soon as possible for your success
to lose weight your friend says goodbye
william sanchez from the work team
lose the dot-belly you have a
wonderful day